Good morning, family. I have a word for you today. I want you to track back with me.
A lot of you have been on here for a while, listening to some of the things that I've said.
Remember the Tasmanian devil coming up out of the pit and the angel unlocking the devil out of that pit?
It spun up like a Tasmanian devil and had horns on its head. I gave that word—the Lord gave that word to me—about two years ago.
He told me that thing was coming up out of the earth and was being released as a devil of war upon the earth.
It was spinning and was going to go inside Vladimir Putin. Then I saw a provoking from Poland concerning Ukraine, and that Russia would strike Poland.
That would be something that we've never seen before. One of the words I'm telling you was to watch for the draft: young men and women both going in a line because of patriotism.
I'll tell you what I've seen in the spirit. When 9/11 happened, it brought a patriotism upon America.
The die-hard old country folks, the patriots who love our nation, rose up.
I have to be very watchful of what I'm saying on this channel now.
An event is going to happen that is going to cause a great patriotism with certain people, where they will want to go willingly because of what is going to happen.
We will be hit by another nation; war will happen on American soil.
I've seen this on the West Coast and in the central part of America.
I saw ants hidden within cells of people who came across the southern border over the last several years.
There's more than you realize. When this happens, it's like ants coming out of an anthill.
They've come for years through the administrations. When this happens, it's going to be another type of 9/11 event.
Putin went to North Korea, right? It hasn't been done in 25 years. Now he is in Vietnam as I speak.
I asked the Lord, and He said, 'Brandon, before any major nation declares a major war and retaliates for what that spinning devil did, you have to have allies.'He is bringing forth a coalition of allies to help back him.
Right now, the BRICS nations are forming a financial coalition so that when the United States tries to put sanctions, he can go around it with Saudi Arabia because they broke the petrodollar deal.
I told you all it was coming. I saw the Prince MBS put his foot down.
They were looking for a stronger backbone of leadership in America.
I saw the Antichrist agenda trying to come on, and they were going to create a new global system with China, Russia, and Saudi Arabia.
Then I saw it spreading through the OPEC nations—Iran, Iraq, and all the major Middle East—and then it would spread through Africa and South America.
It kept spreading like the Indiana Jones map. A major war is about to take place.
It's not just nation fighting against nation; it's going to be like World War II but very nasty.
This will escalate until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the Rapture of the Church.
The Lord warned me again last night and said a great humbling will come to the American people, and this will bring a great shaking on America.
He said the true part of it is the separation of the wheat from the tares.
There will be a dividing line between those on the Lord's side versus the people who are lukewarm.
You will see an exposing of corrupt ministers. People in sexual perversion will be exposed and brought to light. There will be a separation of the goats and the sheep.
The Lord said, 'Never touch this with your mouth.'When they fall and are exposed, do not touch them with your mouth.
We pray for them, their families, and that God would restore them.
Woe to those who cause the sheep to stumble. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first. We're seeing just the beginning.
You're going to turn on the TV and go, 'Wow,'because of all the compromise and sin in the church.
God is cleaning some dirty diapers right now. It starts with the head and goes down through the body.
There is great corruption in homes with sexual perversions. We must pray for a lessening of what's coming.
The more you intercede as the body of Christ, the more the volume will come down.
If we do not take our rightful place of authority, we will be held accountable.
We have to take our place and be in the right place at the right time, preaching and bringing in the harvest.
I've told you about the 350 million and the plague. I've seen the biological thing that they're making in laboratories.
I'm a work in progress, but I am determined to eat healthy Whole Foods.
I told you to watch what would happen with Donald Trump. A year ago, I said he would have trials until late summer 2024.
It's a distraction, but it actually saves his life because he is in a courthouse instead of out on a stage.
God has His hand on him. Pray for this nation, the peace of Jerusalem, and guidance over our land.
The remnant will rise up and be the salt. We are not people of fear. Birthing pains are taking place all around us.
The Lord told me that the water is about to get turned off, and you're going to have to start praying over the jet streams and the low-pressure systems.
Call them forth. There is great weather manipulation going on right now through scientific things.
It's real. We have authority over the weather and should use it every day. I intercede for the weather all the time.
Pray for peace, that there won't be terrorist activities, and that every evil plot will be brought to light.
I pray that my family is always in the right place at the right time and that no calamity comes nigh them.
I saw the West Coast being struck with war. I saw a surprise attack on Hawaii, similar to Pearl Harbor.
It was bad, with people running and jets attacking the military bases.
Let's pray for America. Mercy, Father. Mercy over America. The eyes of our understanding will be enlightened.
The eyes of the Lord run to and fro looking for a heart that is perfect towards Him.
We stand on Your word. You will supply all our needs according to Your riches and glory.
We call forth financial breakthrough and speak blessing and increase. We take authority over poverty and lack.
We thank You, Lord, that You have the cattle on a thousand hills to always take care of us.
We call forth financial freedom and overflow, exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think.
We call for healing and wholeness. We command people to be free from addictions, drugs, alcohol, and perversion.
We break the spirit of rebellion in children and grandchildren.
We call for fresh fire on our homes and marriages. No more torment in sleep.
Denominational barriers are coming down. I sense there's so much He wants to give.
There are many spiritual rooms and doors. By the words of a minister, those doors will open.
Father, we open the doors by faith. Create in us a clean heart, oh God.
We want to be at the spout where the glory comes out. Come up higher in your prayer life.
Let the Holy Spirit flow like a mighty river out of our bellies.
Arise and shine, for the light has come. The joy of the Lord is our strength.
We bind depression, anxiety, fear, and worry. We call for a harvest of souls like this world has never seen.
We call forth our unsaved loved ones to be born again. There is a tsunami-sized wave of the outpouring coming.
I've seen it. Our prayers are drawing the wave in. We will see an October outpouring that will hit with such ferocity.
The church is taking on the model of Heaven on Earth. There is a wave of glory.
We call forth a shaking of your people; we call forth awakening.
Wake up, it's time! Jesus is coming. We thank You for the fresh manifestations of the glory.
It's going to hit the street corners and the White House. We are going to overflow.
Jesus is faithful. Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you. Have a wonderful day. God bless you. Bye-bye.